docs: Metadata changes (#1296)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/20-quickstart.mdx

---

> description: Find out how to quickstart Kargo and progress changes through multiple stages byinteracting with your GitOps repository and Argo CD Application resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Find out how to quickstart Kargo and progress changes through multiple stages by interacting with your GitOps repository and Argo CD Application resources
```

> Find out how to quickstart...

The use of "quickstart" as a verb feels awkward to me. Would you be open to rewording this?

Author: Feel free to change 'quickstart' into 'set up' or any other similar verb ;)

> description: Find out how to quickstart Kargo and progress changes through multiple stages by interacting with your GitOps repository and Argo CD Application resources

Reviewer 2: I love it

> description: Find out how to quickstart Kargo and progress changes through multiple stages by interacting with your GitOps repository and Argo CD Application resources

Author: This is good!

> description: Find out how to quickstart Kargo and progress changes through multiple stages byinteracting with your GitOps repository and Argo CD `Application` resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Find out how to quickstart Kargo and progress changes through multiple stages byinteracting with your GitOps repository and Argo CD Application resources
```

I don't think the backticks make sense within metadata. I cannot speak to if or how they will affect SEO, but I'm pretty sure anything that might display this metadata is going to show the backticks instead of rendering the word within in a monospaced font.
